= governor_atom

*Governor* (named after Rod Blagojevich) is the pluggable blogging platform
for Rails, built for people who want to build their blog into their website,
not build their website into their blog.

*governor_atom* is a plugin for Governor, allowing a blog to publish an ATOM
feed of its articles.

== Dependencies

* Governor, version 0.3.0 or higher.

== Setting up

First, install Governor[http://carpeliam.github.com/governor/]. Then, in
your Gemfile, add the following:

    gem 'governor_atom'

Once you've installed the gem into your app, just add the auto-discovery link
tag to your layout:

    <%= auto_discovery_link_tag(:atom, articles_path(:format => :atom), :title => 'your title goes here') %>

If you're not using the default +articles+ as a resource type, replace
+articles_path+ with the path to your resource type.

== Contributing to governor_atom
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Liam Morley. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

